Purpose of Job
Reporting to the Senior Manager (Security Research), the role contributes to the overall success of the Information Security & Control (IS&C) team by delivering specific information security research goals, in support of Scotiabank Group's Information Security strategies and objectives.

Key Job Accountabilities
The Security Research team performs research, analysis, assessments and Proof of Concepts which allow for educated decisions in support of information and cyber security objectives - within the context of Bank's overall business objectives.

The incumbent is expected to be capable of obtaining a solid understanding of the Bank's information technology, including: operations, hardware, software, telecommunications, cryptography, biometrics etc.
The Senior Information Security Analyst (Security Research) must be able to perform research evaluations to gain an understanding of very complex and new security technologies and their applicability to the Bank. This requires the ability to acquire both a broad technical knowledge, and a grasp of business and technical implications of existing and new security technologies.

Minimum of 2 years of practical experience in Information Security is a pre-requisite.

Accountabilities
Perform the research and evaluation of emerging and breakthrough security technologies through analysis, developing and updating documentation, writing and executing test cases and producing completion reports (e.g., technology briefings, white papers, functional evaluations, etc.) in line with Bank's research and security requirements.
Comprehend, describe and explain complex technical subjects in a clear, understandable way to an audience ranging from technical staff to senior executives of the Bank.
Execute and manage proofs of concepts for a variety of security technologies and products (e.g., Identity & Access Management, Cloud Security etc.), in partnership with various stakeholders.
Provide a high-quality service by consistently understanding our client's needs and providing security solutions that meet or exceed expectations, while at the same time ensuring that the Bank's information and systems continue to be protected.
Continuously acquire, consolidate and analyze information security information from various sources; maintain an awareness of existing and new security technologies and industry trends; assess the potential impact to the Bank's current and future Information Technology and Information Security initiatives and operational processes.
Job Requirements:	Skills and Functional Competencies
Work as part of a team but be able to function independently when required.
Good organizational and time management skills to be able to effectively multi-task in a very diverse, goal-oriented environment.
Excellent English communication and presentation skills (written and verbal), coupled with an expert ability to leverage audio/video conferencing technologies.
A self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with a strong attention to detail.
Excellent research, analytical skills and the ability to think outside the box.
Education
Minimum under-graduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field.
Professional Information Security certifications (e.g. CISA, CISM, etc.) are considered an asset.